Create rule S6596: Specific version tag for image should be used in Kubernetes (#3601)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6596/common/how-to-fix.adoc

> To avoid these issues, it is recommended to use specific version tags for images.
> 
> * Fixed Tags: Append the version number or tag to the image name.
> For example, instead of using `my-image:latest`, it is better to use `my-image:1.2.3-alpine` or `my-image:1.2.3`.
> 
> * SHA of the image: SHA of the image can be used for even more control and traceability, it will ensure that the same image is used across different environments. For example, `my-image@sha256:1234567890abcdef`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid these issues, it is recommended to use specific version tags for images.

This can be done by appending the version number or tag to the {image_type} image name.
For example, instead of `my-image:latest`, it is better to use `my-image:1.2.3-alpine` or `my-image:1.2.3`.

For even more control and traceability, it is also possible to specify your image by digest using the sha256 of the image. This will pin your image to specific version in time, but will also exclude it from eventual security updates.
An example would be using `my-image@sha256:26c68657ccce2cb0a31b330cb0be2b5e108d467f641c62e13ab40cbec258c68d`.

More information can be found in the documentation at the end.
```
[Link to documentation ](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/image_pull/#pull-an-image-by-digest-immutable-identifier)
